Refactor guides section + promote HTTP over GIT (#1338)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/quick-start.mdx

huggingface-cli login
```

Alternatively, you can programmatically login using [`login`] in a notebook or a script:

```py
>>> from huggingface_hub import login
>>> login()
```

<Tip>

> It is also possible to login programmatically without asking the user for the token by directly
> passing the token to [`login`] (i.e. `login(token="hf_xxx")`). If you do so, be careful when
> sharing your source code. It is a best practice to load the token from a secure vault instead
> of saving it in plain in your codebase/notebook.

Reviewer: You'll need to add a blank line after `<Tip>` so it renders properly. I would also merge this tip with all the ones below it, so you don't have four separate tips. Tips are kind of like side content, but in this case, I think all of this content is quite important!

```suggestion
It is also possible to login programmatically without being prompted to enter your token by directly
passing the token to [`login`] like `login(token="hf_xxx")`. If you do so, be careful when
sharing your source code. It is a best practice to load the token from a secure vault instead
of saving it explicitly in your codebase/notebook.
```

</Tip>

<Tip>
Another way to authenticate is to provide your token when calling every methods. This way your token
is never stored on the machine.
</Tip>

> <Tip>

Reviewer: I think it'd be nice to also clarify here that:

Once you are logged in, all requests to the Hub - even methods that don't require authentication - will use your access token by default.

```py
>>> from huggingface_hub import HfApi
>>> api = HfApi()
>>> api.upload_file(
...     path_or_fileobj="/home/lysandre/dummy-test/README.md",
...     path_in_repo="README.md",
...     repo_id="lysandre/test-model",
... )
```

> To upload more than one file at a time, take a look at this [guide](./guides/upload)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload more than one file at a time, take a look at the [Upload](./guides/upload) guide
```
